Add pretrained model information for neural sparse (#5355)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/neural-sparse-search.md

- Use a sparse encoding model at ingestion time and a tokenizer model at search time (low performance, relatively low latency).

**PREREQUISITE**<br>

> Before using sparse search, you could set up a pretrained sparse embedding model or use your own. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using sparse search, make sure to set up a pretrained sparse embedding model or use your own sparse embedding model. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).
```

> Before using sparse search, make sure to set up a pretrained sparse embedding model or your own sparse embedding model. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using sparse search, make sure to set up a [pretrained sparse embedding model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/#sparse-encoding-models) or your own sparse embedding model. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).
```

> Before using sparse search, make sure to set up a pretrained sparse embedding model or use your own sparse embedding model. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using sparse search, make sure to set up a pretrained sparse embedding model or your own sparse embedding model. For more information, see [Using custom models within OpenSearch]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/ml-framework/).
```
